AMM Application Contracts Port (#230)
FuelLabs/sway-applications: AMM/README.md

<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".docs/amm_logo-dark_theme.png">
        <img alt="automated market maker logo" width="600px" src=".docs/amm_logo-light_theme.png">
    </picture>
</p>

## Overview

> An *automated market maker (AMM)* is a type of decentralized exchange protocol that determines asset prices algorithmically through a conservation function. Trades on an AMM take place between the user and the contract, rather than between two users. The liquidity pool of assets in an AMM is supplied by the users. Providing liquidity is incentivized via liquidity miner rewards. This application allows users to deposit assets that can be used to add liquidity or be withdrawn without adding liquidity, adding and removing liquidity and swapping assets.

Reviewer: 2. The issue is the presentation more than anything else. The text that I'm referencing reads like there are 3 bullet points placed inside a paragraph. A paragraph should flow from sentence to sentence and not break the immersion from a fluid section to bullet points and back. It's fine to split the section and present those points as bullet points or alternatively that part can be re-written to be concise. A sentence can have many core points while being concise, the trick is figuring out how to make the content digestible and concise.

This application contains an AMM contract that has: 
- Liquidity pools of two assets each,
- The conservation function $price_{asset\ A} * price_{asset\ B} = total\ liquidity$, which means that swap operations keep the total liquidity constant,
- Liquidity miner fee of $\frac1{333} \approx 3\%$.

    > **NOTE** This fee can be modified as desired per asset pair.

### Current state of the application

User interface is to be added.

Functionality of this application is being enhanced with two Sway scripts (in progress) that allows:
1) Swapping assets along a route,
2) Depositing and adding liquidity atomically.

## Project Structure

```
AMM/
├── contracts/
|    └── AMM/
|         ├── src/main.sw
|         └── tests/harness.rs
|    └── exchange/
|         ├── src/main.sw
|         └── tests/harness.rs
├── libraries/

> |    └── src/interfaces.sw

Author: I see your point. Renamed to `interface`.

└── README.md
└── SPECIFICATION.md
```

## Running the project

### User Interface

TODO: UI is to be added.

### Tests

> To run the tests for either contract, you should first build the libraries if you have not already built the contracts. 

Author: You're right, I mistakenly thought that the `out` directory contents were needed for some tests, but that is simply not the case. Removed this part.

This application supports:
- Depositing assets that can be
    - Used to add liquidity
    - Withdrawn without adding liquidity
- Adding liquidity
- Removing liquidity
- Swapping assets

The AMM and exchange contracts in this application is designed so that:
- Liquidity pools consist of two assets each
- The conservation function used to keep the total liquidity at a constant ratio when exchanging assets is
    - $price_{asset\ A} * price_{asset\ B} = total\ liquidity$
- Liquidity miner fee is $\frac1{333} \approx 3\%$

	> **NOTE** The miner fee can be modified per asset pair

## Project Structure

```
AMM/
├── contracts/
|    └── AMM/
|         ├── src/main.sw
|         └── tests/harness.rs
|    └── exchange/
|         ├── src/main.sw
|         └── tests/harness.rs
├── libraries/
|    └── src/interface.sw
└── README.md
└── SPECIFICATION.md
```

## Running the project

### User Interface

TODO: UI is to be added.

### Tests

> To run the tests for either contract, firstly make sure that you are in the root of this application, i.e., `/path/to/AMM/<you are here>`.
> 
> - In order to run the AMM contract tests, change directory to the root of the AMM contract project, i.e., `/path/to/AMM/contracts/AMM/<you are here>`:
>     ```bash
>     cd contracts/AMM
>     ```
>     1. Build the AMM contract:
>         ```bash
>         forc build
>         ```
>     2. Build the contract used for testing against malicious implementations of the exchange contract:
>         ```bash
>         forc build --path ../exchange/tests/artifacts/malicious_implementation/
>         ```
>     3. Run the tests:
>         ```bash
>         cargo test
>         ```
> - In order to run the exchange contract tests, change directory to the root of the exchange contract project, i.e., `/path/to/AMM/contracts/exchange/<you are here>` from the root of the AMM contract project:
>     ```bash
>     cd ../contracts/exchange
>     ```
>     1. Build the exchange contract:
>         ```bash
>         forc build
>         ```
>     2. Run the tests:
>         ```bash
>         cargo test
>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests for either contract follow the instructions below.

Change into the following directory `/<path>/sway-applications/AMM/contracts`

```bash
cd /<path>/sway-applications/AMM/contracts
```

#### AMM

Build the AMM contract

```bash
forc build --path ./AMM
```

Build the malicious contract

```bash
forc build --path ./exchange/tests/artifacts/malicious_implementation
```

Run the tests

```bash
cargo test
```

#### Exchange

Build the exchange contract

```bash
forc build --path ./exchange
```

Run the tests

```bash
cargo test
```
```

Please verify that this works and adjust as needed. Note that github struggles with suggestions that use code blocks so this looks terrible in GH previews but should be fine in the doc. I would accept and look at it locally and make any changes if needed / revert the commit.
